okay guys this is xbox 360 mod for um
single-player it works I believe for
cooperative too but I have not tried it
out yet
um you do not want to update your
console you have to delete all the
updates for this model work um basically
go on to your profile and you look under
the single-player areas and you put on
all the dev commands on all you can go
to game cuts forum to look up on all
those dev commands but right now this is
just to purely to show you that I can
mod this and this is an Xbox 360
controller and I'm playing the Xbox 360
so basically you plug in a dev command
for example god mode which just popped
up on the screen and you have to put
these controls in and basically now I'm
like hovering around the place you get
all the weapons you want look I got
every weapon basically PT RS 40 s TG
Thompson double-barrel unlimited ammo
grenades molotovs bar
I'm invincible a grenade launcher now
talk about grenade launcher
demo grenade launcher
this is all single-player mod so
multiplayer has been patched
unfortunately for some people at least
uh so I think this is just great that
you can do it for single-player
multiplayer you kind of ruin it for the
good players who do not want to cheat as
you can see the manager track kicks ass
flamethrower unfortunately this overheat
so yeah you don't get on the madama for
that he's already do a little o-ring on
you get on the live ammo now let's just
check out the map it's kind of cool you
got three sections got this box right
here kind of cool oh you can go up here
oh so anyways this is just a movie to
show you that you can mod it on single
player without pretty much any
difficulty you just have to go under
single player not not where the custom
class is it's under the difficulty of
the game look under that area and that's
where you'll find how to model but if
anyone's all interested on how to do
this just go to game cuts calm and
you'll find out how to mod and it'll be
cool
um basically can get to any level doing
this I'm not sure if you can do this
I'll with a split screen but yeah
someone can confirm that for me I just
love doing this so default weapon I love
this - it's got a finger shooting at
someone
kit
it's such a joke doesn't make any noise
unfortunately okay I'm a zombie now I
don't think you can attack though
No unlimited Magnum basically unlimited
ammo that's what I said it to you can do
other mods like UFO mode I don't know if
you can get dogs on this now that would
be interesting to get downs on this but
yeah
let's see open up the couch
oh you're basically invincible until you
open up the area if you go up into the
this area so if you don't feel like
doing god mode and just do noclip and
then go up into a blocked area and yeah
you're invincible Springfield Oh
um yeah so it's glued look around for
all the deaf commands I'm pretty sure
you da do unlimited parks like you get
infinite instant kill or something like
that
so this basically only works for the
unpatched version of cod 5 cut 4 works
too but um there's no nazi zombies or
anything it only worked for a
single-player campaign which still is
kinda cool
cod 4 just got patched by the way
unfortunately for some people
so to set commands you have to bind it
to a button for example I have all my
commands bound to this the up button
turns God mode on and off and the down
button turns it off no clip on or off in
which you can go through walls and stuff
like that that's what noclip is all
right so this is an Xbox I'm not lying
and yeah so if you can figure this out
guys have fun okay
see you guys